# Contributing Guidelines

Contributions are welcome via GitHub pull requests. This document outlines the process to help get your contribution accepted.

## How to Contribute

1. Fork this repository, develop, and test your changes.
2. Submit a pull request.

### Technical Requirements

1. All changes require a version bump following [semver](https://semver.org/) principles. See [Immutability](#immutability) and [Versioning](#versioning) below.

2. All resources and data sources must be documented. See [Documentation](#documentation) below.

  Once the changes have been merged, a release job will automatically run to package and release the changes with a new version.

### Immutability

Version releases must be immutable. Any change warrants a version bump even if there are only documentation changes.

### Documentation

Documentaion is being automatically generated by [tfplugindocs](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs). Please go over the Readme file first and follow the procedure:
1. Add a "Description" attribute for each data-source/resource(Resource-Level and Field-Level descriptions). See this [secret](https://github.com/akeylesslabs/terraform-provider-akeyless/blob/main/akeyless/resource_secret.go) example.

2. Create a Terraform example file inside the examples/ folder. Please make sure that the resource.tf/data-source.tf follows the folder structure and naming convention:
examples/{resources/data-sources}/{resource name/data-source name}/{resource.tf/data-source.tf}, for example: examples/resources/akeyless_secret/resource.tf

3. Run **tfplugindocs** command from the repository root folder: 
```go
go generate
```
4. Check the newly generated documentation inside the docs/ folder, and commit it to your pull request.

### Versioning

The Release `version` should follow [semver](https://semver.org/).

Bump the version by editing the [version](https://github.com/akeylesslabs/terraform-provider-akeyless/blob/main/version) file. The version number will be reviewed in the pull request.
