---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_auth_method_gcp Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  GCE Auth Method Resource
---

# akeyless_auth_method_gcp (Resource)

GCE Auth Method Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Auth Method name
- `type` (String) The type of the GCP Auth Method (iam/gce)

### Optional

- `access_expires` (Number) Access expiration date in Unix timestamp (select 0 for access without expiry date)
- `audience` (String) The audience to verify in the JWT received by the client
- `audit_logs_claims` (Set of String) Subclaims to include in audit logs
- `bound_ips` (Set of String) A CIDR whitelist with the IPs that the access is restricted to
- `bound_labels` (Set of String) GCE only. A list of GCP labels formatted as key:value pairs that must be set on instances in order to authenticate. For multiple values repeat this flag.
- `bound_projects` (Set of String) A list of GCP project IDs. Clients must belong to any of the provided projects in order to authenticate. For multiple values repeat this flag.
- `bound_regions` (Set of String) GCE only. A list of regions. GCE instances must belong to any of the provided regions in order to authenticate. For multiple values repeat this flag.
- `bound_service_accounts` (Set of String) A list of Service Accounts. Clients must belong to any of the provided service accounts in order to authenticate. For multiple values repeat this flag.
- `bound_zones` (Set of String) GCE only. A list of zones. GCE instances must belong to any of the provided zones in order to authenticate. For multiple values repeat this flag.
- `delete_protection` (String) Protection from accidental deletion of this auth method, [true/false]
- `force_sub_claims` (Boolean) enforce role-association must include sub claims
- `jwt_ttl` (Number) Creds expiration time in minutes
- `service_account_creds_data` (String) Service Account creds data, base64 encoded

### Read-Only

- `access_id` (String) Auth Method access ID
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


