---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_auth_method_ldap Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  LDAP Auth Method Resource
---

# akeyless_auth_method_ldap (Resource)

LDAP Auth Method Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Auth Method name

### Optional

- `access_expires` (Number) Access expiration date in Unix timestamp (select 0 for access without expiry date)
- `audit_logs_claims` (Set of String) Subclaims to include in audit logs
- `bound_ips` (Set of String) A comma-separated CIDR block list to allow client access
- `delete_protection` (String) Protection from accidental deletion of this object, [true/false]
- `description` (String) Auth Method description
- `expiration_event_in` (Set of String) How many days before the expiration of the auth method would you like to be notified
- `force_sub_claims` (Boolean) enforce role-association must include sub claims
- `gen_key` (String) Automatically generate key-pair for LDAP configuration. If set to false, a public key needs to be provided
- `gw_bound_ips` (Set of String) A comma-separated CIDR block list as a trusted Gateway entity
- `jwt_ttl` (Number) creds expiration time in minutes. If not set, use default according to account settings (see get-account-settings)
- `product_type` (Set of String) Choose the relevant product type for the auth method [sm, sra, pm, dp, ca]
- `public_key_data` (String) A public key generated for LDAP authentication method on Akeyless [RSA2048] in Base64 or PEM format
- `unique_identifier` (String) A unique identifier (ID) value should be configured for LDAP, OAuth2 and SAML authentication method types and is usually a value such as the email, username, or upn for example. Whenever a user logs in with a token, these authentication types issue a sub claim that contains details uniquely identifying that user. This sub claim includes a key containing the ID value that you configured, and is used to distinguish between different users from within the same organization.

### Read-Only

- `access_id` (String) Auth Method access ID
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `private_key_data` (String, Sensitive) Private key data in Base64 format. This is only returned if the gen_key parameter is set to true.


