---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_dfc_key Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DFC Key resource
---

# akeyless_dfc_key (Resource)

DFC Key resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alg` (String) DFCKey type; options: [AES128GCM, AES256GCM, AES128SIV, AES256SIV, AES128CBC, AES256CBC, RSA1024, RSA2048, RSA3072, RSA4096]
- `name` (String) DFCKey name

### Optional

- `cert_data_base64` (String) PEM Certificate in a Base64 format. Used for updating RSA keys' certificates
- `certificate_common_name` (String) Common name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_country` (String) Country name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_locality` (String) Locality for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_organization` (String) Organization name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_province` (String) Province name for the generated certificate. Relevant only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `certificate_ttl` (Number) TTL in days for the generated certificate. Required only for generate-self-signed-certificate.
- `customer_frg_id` (String) The customer fragment ID that will be used to create the DFC key (if empty, the key will be created independently of a customer fragment)
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Protection from accidental deletion of this item, [true/false]
- `description` (String) Description of the object
- `generate_self_signed_certificate` (Boolean) Whether to generate a self signed certificate with the key. If set, certificate-ttl must be provided.
- `split_level` (Number) The number of fragments that the item will be split into (not includes customer fragment)
- `tags` (Set of String) List of the tags attached to this DFC key

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


