---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "akeyless_dynamic_secret_eks Resource - terraform-provider-akeyless"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) dynamic secret
---

# akeyless_dynamic_secret_eks (Resource)

Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS) dynamic secret



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Dynamic secret name

### Optional

- `eks_access_key_id` (String) EKS Access Key ID
- `eks_assume_role` (String) Role ARN. Role to assume when connecting to the EKS cluster
- `eks_cluster_ca_cert` (String, Sensitive) EKS Cluster certificate. Base 64 encoded certificate.
- `eks_cluster_endpoint` (String) EKS Cluster endpoint. https:// , <DNS / IP> of the cluster.
- `eks_cluster_name` (String) EKS cluster name. Must match the EKS cluster name you want to connect to.
- `eks_region` (String) EKS Region
- `eks_secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) EKS Secret Access Key
- `encryption_key_name` (String) Encrypt dynamic secret details with following key
- `secure_access_allow_port_forwading` (Boolean) Enable Port forwarding while using CLI access.
- `secure_access_bastion_issuer` (String) Path to the SSH Certificate Issuer for your Akeyless Bastion
- `secure_access_cluster_endpoint` (String) The K8s cluster endpoint URL
- `secure_access_enable` (String) Enable/Disable secure remote access, [true/false]
- `secure_access_web` (Boolean) Enable Web Secure Remote Access
- `tags` (Set of String) List of the tags attached to this secret. To specify multiple tags use argument multiple times: -t Tag1 -t Tag2
- `target_name` (String) Name of existing target to use in dynamic secret creation
- `user_ttl` (String) User TTL

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


